Add RFC for DeploymentTrace feature (#5677)
pipe-cd/pipecd: docs/rfcs/0017-deployment-trace.md

- Start Date: 2025-03-03
- Target Version: 1.0

# Summary

This is the design for PipeCD Deployment Trace feature

# Motivation

> To fulfill the gap between CI & CD. The PipeCD Deployment Trace feature aims to give developer, who works with application code modification, a way to quick access and manage their deployments, which be triggered by the change they made.

Reviewer: nits

```suggestion
To fulfill the gap between CI & CD. The PipeCD Deployment Trace feature aims to give developers who work with application code modification, a way to quickly access and manage their deployments, which are triggered by the change they made.
```

This gap is naturally born due to the disconnect between CI & CD, application/source repo & manifest repo.

# Detailed design

## The UI/UX

![image](assets/0017-deployment-trace-UI.png)

The trace page will be added to the PipeCD web console. It's a list of deployment trace item, which each item contains:

- Deployment Trace Info: Information of commit that trigger the current deployments

> - List of deployments which triggered by the commit

Reviewer: nit

```suggestion
- List of deployments triggered by the commit
```
